james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: john.zufferli@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: k..allen@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: tom.alonso@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: kysa.alport@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: robert.badeer@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: tim.belden@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: kortney.brown@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Inbound: james.bruce@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: james.bruce@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: jesse.bryson@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: jim.buerkle@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: angela.cadena@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: f..calger@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: fran.chang@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: andy.chen@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: paul.choi@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: ed.clark@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: alan.comnes@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: wendy.conwell@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: minal.dalia@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: debra.davidson@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: w..donovan@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: m..driscoll@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: heather.dunton@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: laird.dyer@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: fredrik.eriksson@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: michael.etringer@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: mark.fillinger@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: h..foster@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: david.frost@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: dave.fuller@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: jim.gilbert@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: a..gomez@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: stan.gray@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: mike.grigsby@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: david.guillaume@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: mark.guzman@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: don.hammond@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: keith.holst@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: paul.kaufman@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: chris.lackey@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: samantha.law@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: elliot.mainzer@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: john.malowney@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: wayne.mays@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: michael.mcdonald@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: jonathan.mckay@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: stephanie.miller@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: matt.motley@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: mark.mullen@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: chris.mumm@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: kourtney.nelson@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: tracy.ngo@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: jeffrey.oh@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: jonalan.page@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: david.parquet@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: todd.perry@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: phil.polsky@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: darin.presto@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: paul.radous@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: susan.rance@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: lester.rawson@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: jeff.richter@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: stewart.rosman@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: edward.sacks@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: holden.salisbury@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: julie.sarnowski@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: gordon.savage@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: diana.scholtes@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: cara.semperger@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: jeff.shields@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: g..slaughter@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: sarabeth.smith@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: larry.soderquist@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: glenn.surowiec@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: steve.swain@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: mike.swerzbin@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: kate.symes@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: jake.thomas@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: stephen.thome@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: stephen.thome@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: virginia.thompson@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: john.van@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: houston <.ward@enron.com>
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: laura.wente@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: bill.williams@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: bill.williams@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: credit <.williams@enron.com>
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: john.zufferli@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: k..allen@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: tom.alonso@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: kysa.alport@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: robert.badeer@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: tim.belden@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: kortney.brown@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Inbound: james.bruce@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: james.bruce@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: jesse.bryson@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: jim.buerkle@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: angela.cadena@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: f..calger@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: fran.chang@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: andy.chen@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: paul.choi@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: ed.clark@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: alan.comnes@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: wendy.conwell@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: minal.dalia@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: debra.davidson@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: w..donovan@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: m..driscoll@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: heather.dunton@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: laird.dyer@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: fredrik.eriksson@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: michael.etringer@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: mark.fillinger@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: h..foster@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: david.frost@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: dave.fuller@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: jim.gilbert@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: a..gomez@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: stan.gray@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: mike.grigsby@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: david.guillaume@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: mark.guzman@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: don.hammond@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: keith.holst@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: paul.kaufman@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: chris.lackey@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: samantha.law@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: elliot.mainzer@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: john.malowney@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: wayne.mays@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: michael.mcdonald@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: jonathan.mckay@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: stephanie.miller@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: matt.motley@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: mark.mullen@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: chris.mumm@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: kourtney.nelson@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: tracy.ngo@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: jeffrey.oh@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: jonalan.page@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: david.parquet@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: todd.perry@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: phil.polsky@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: darin.presto@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: paul.radous@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: susan.rance@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: lester.rawson@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: jeff.richter@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: stewart.rosman@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: edward.sacks@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: holden.salisbury@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: julie.sarnowski@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: gordon.savage@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: diana.scholtes@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: cara.semperger@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: jeff.shields@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: g..slaughter@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: sarabeth.smith@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: larry.soderquist@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: glenn.surowiec@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: steve.swain@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: mike.swerzbin@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: kate.symes@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: jake.thomas@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: stephen.thome@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: stephen.thome@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: virginia.thompson@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: john.van@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: houston <.ward@enron.com>
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: laura.wente@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: bill.williams@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: bill.williams@enron.com
james.bruce@enron.com	Outbound: credit <.williams@enron.com>
